hey guys here with Willie Garson after
extraordinary high and yet ordinary
means heavy overweight not at all
extra actor not at all we are going to
see what Willie's making for dinner
tonight I I do a lot of pre cooking
because when my kid goes to school it's
early in the morning is 8 o'clock in the
morning and then when I come home I
usually put my rice in my zojirushi rice
steamer it's a beautiful which is so
beautiful and amazing well it's great
because it makes me eat better mm-hmm
because I would before I had this I you
know who wants to sit around making
brown rice and we try not ours I said
leave it and that's it so I'd like to do
like one dish things if I make some meat
or something then we'll have a salad or
whatever but I love anything that I can
put also put broccoli or whatever in it
right so then he doesn't really notice
that he's eating it way and then and you
know I end up since she's moved in I end
up eating a lot better than I ever ate
before um which is awesome so I'm gonna
take a little pendulum now which is the
Cadillac of oils now I pre grilled some
chicken into just homeless basic
homeless organic breast salt garlic salt
and where'd you learn to cook you know I
just did from cook buxar yeah I just I I
like recipes and then I and then I look
at it read it and throw it out and then
just try my best which is really the
best way to cook
so this has been going for a few minutes
yeah on how I do know that I try I try
but do I know I try
chicken broth is the only thing you
should ever use to season anything
you heard it here it's the most
important spice in the world is chicken
broth now crunch starts you have to go
very quickly because it thickens like
the new I learned that the hard way
maybe I should put in okay so you add it
straight in you don't do
you could do an emulsion yeah what's the
difference really I know like when you
it's supposed to be less lumpy right but
look how not lumpy it it's not lumpy
yeah you just don't want to be pouring
you know a gallon in that just a teeny
bit and if there that's a little more
like look at that sauce it's making
their really nice sauce now you're
talking sister look how perfect that is
I couldn't make it like that okay
literally I'm a little out of myself
that's great it looks great right yeah
great and it's fresh and easy and it's
totally fantastic like totally fantastic
see Nathan eats with this he likes the
baby for really eats the big four
you